Add intergalactic transmission exercise (#2398)
exercism/csharp: exercises/practice/intergalactic-transmission/.docs/introduction.md

# Introduction

Trillions upon trillions of messages are exchanged between Earth and the neighboring galaxies every millisecond. 
But transmission over such long distances faces many obstacles.
Pesky solar flares, worm holes, temporal distortions, stray forces, heck even the flap of a space butterfly wing can cause a random bit to flip during transmission.

> The difference between an "o" and a "k", a "[" and "{" or a cowboy emoji and a clown emoji can have huge ramifications, from missed orders to Galactic Stockmarket crashes.

Reviewer: Fantastic backstory!

> It is important for the receiver to know when the message has been corrupted so that the receiver can ask for the message to sent again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is thus important for the receiver to know if a message has been corrupted so that the receiver can ask for the message to be sent again.
```

One day, an important message comes through.

> People have just heard about the legend about a way of transmitting in such a way that the receiver can tell when bit flipped ... the parity bit ...

Reviewer: I'm not sure I know a better phrasing, but this sentence reads a little weird to me. But we can leave it for now and have others comment on it when we do a prob-specs PR.
